What did the grape do when he got stepped on? |He let out a little whine.
How do you make holy water? |You boil the hell out of it!
Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? |Great food no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? |An Impasta.
How many apples grow on a tree? |All of them.
Want to hear a joke about paper? |Nevermind it's tearable.
I just watched a program about beavers. |It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? |It got mugged.
How does a penguin build it's house? |Igloos it together.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? |Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? |Because they have no body to go with.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? |An irrelephant.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? |No idea.
What do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? |Bloody no idea.


What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? |Supplies
I was on the toilet, angry and late for work. |I thought, I don't have time for this shit.
I lost my watch once. |An hour later I saw some guy standing on it while he was harassing some woman. Infuriated, I immediately went over and punched him and broke his nose. No one does that to a woman, not on my watch.
What's the opposite of assault? |A pepper.
People make such a big deal about vegans, but I don't get it. |I've never had beef with one.
Have you ever tried blindfolded archery? |You don't know what you're missing
What has 4 letters, sometimes has 9, but never has 5 letters.
Far away in the tropical waters of the Caribbean, two prawns were swimming around in the sea. One was called Justin and the other was called Christian. Life was good, except that the prawns were constantly being chased and threatened by sharks. Finally one day, Justin said to Christian, 'I'm tired of being a prawn. I wish I was a shark, then I wouldn't have to worry about being eaten.' ||Just then a mysterious cod appeared and said, 'Your wish is granted,' and lo and behold, Justin turned into a shark. Horrified, Christian swam off, afraid of being eaten up by his old friend. ||Time went by and Justin found himself bored and lonely as a shark. All his old pals were afraid of him and swam away whenever he came near. Then one day he was out swimming and saw the mysterious cod. ||'I want to be a prawn again,' said Justin. 'Please change me back!' And lo and behold, the cod changed him back to a prawn. With tears of joy in his little eyes, Justin swam to Christian's house and knocked on the door. 'It's me, Justin, your old friend! Come out and see me!' he shouted. ||'No,' said Christian. 'I'll not be tricked. You're a shark and you will eat me!' ||Justin cried back, 'No, I'm not! That was the old me. I've changed. I've found Cod, I'm a prawn again, Christian!'
Lettuce turnip the beet
I could tell a dinosaur joke, but it's ancient.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? |Nacho cheese!
I used to be addicted to soap. |But I'm clean now.
How do you make a tissue dance? |You put a little boogie in it.
What's the difference between a baby and a washing machine? |A washing machine doesn't start crying when you drop a load in it.
Your life
I don't like stairs. |They're always up to something.
I was applying for an Australian citizenship and the interviewer asked, 'Do you have a criminal record?'. |I said, 'No. Is that still required?' |They replied 'That's how everyone else got inmate...'
Where do you find a cow with no legs? |Where you left it
What do you call a cow with no legs? |Ground beef.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? |He worked it out with a pencil.
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
Say what you want about blind people.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes.
Guy walks up to the widow at her husbands funeral and says 'May I just say one word?' Sure she replies. 'Plethora' The widow says' Thanks. That means a lot'
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
So, this guy walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder and asks the barman for a pint of beer and saucer of milk for Tiny. The barman fetches the drinks and puts them on the bar. The man starts to drink the beer and the newt starts to lap the milk. On seeing this, the barman asks the man, 'Why do you call him Tiny?' The man replies, 'Because he's my newt.'
Two fish are in a tank. One looks at the other and says, 'you man the gun, I'll drive.'
What did the clock do after dinner? | He went back four seconds.
What's the difference between people from Pakistan and people from Abu Dhabi? |People from Pakistan don't like the Flintstones, but people from Abu Dhabi do.
What's harder than nailing a dead baby to a wall? | My dick while doing it.
